#Model-Predicted Control###Project 5 of term 2, Self-Driving Car Engineer nanodegree by Udacity.###Student: Florian WolfThe Project is explained and the how the different parameters were chosen.##Control ModelThe Model is described by a state vector. This vector contains the x and the y position, the orientation phi and the velocity v. The dynamics of a car can be simulated with this vector.To control the car we use steering and throttle, similar to the controls in a real car. Steering is controlled by the wheel and the positive and negative throttle by the gas and break pedals.The equations herefore are:>>> 	px += velocity * cos(phi) * dt;	py += velocity * sin(phi) * dt;	phi += velocity / Lf * steering * dt;	velocity += throttle * dt;##Parameters N and dtThe timestep length N sets, how many steps into the future the prediction is made. predicting to far into the future has is not good since the environment changes too much. The time length of each step is defined by dt, the time elapsed between each step. This influences the smoothness and exactness of the prediction. The lower the value the better the performance but also the higher the computation time.The parameters were chosen by empirical testing:>>>		N = 10	dt = 0.1##The PathThe path is fitted by a 3rd degree polynomial line, herefore the function polyfit Is used. The points are calculated with the function polyeval.##LatencyTo simulate a real control, the model has to deal with a 100ms delay. Therefore we have to estimate the cars postion 100ms in the future. The chosen parameters make a prediction far enough into the future so that the latency does not influence the control.